Update the integration page to reflect new integration catalog features (#7324)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _integrations/index.md

Prior to Introduction of integrations the process of which users could configure their dashboards, was to undergo the following process every time:

* Explore their index content and extract the structure - mapping file
* Assemble the index pattern based on this mapping
* Create visualization for different parts of the mapping fields
* Compose the entire dashboard from these visualizations
* Save the dashboard and allow export for other users to utilize (expecting the mapping to be the same)

This repeated bootstrap required for every single data-type is manual (error-prone) and consuming process, it also requires a degree of knowledge both of the data and of using OpenSearch API.

The **Integration framework** aims for solving these manual steps simplifying and automating the process while reducing the domain learning curve to the minimal 

### What Do We support
At OpenSearch we are supporting many different type of use cases for a large variety of users:
- Search related domain use cases - E-commerce products search for example
- Observability monitoring and provisioning - Trace / Metrics analytics
- Security Monitoring and Threats Analysis

> All these use cases are accompanied by a very strong and matured community that has contributed many resources and Knowledge to these domain. The **Integration framework** is strongly aligned with these schemas and allows out of the box data mapping that corresponds to these domains. 

Author: OCSF schema support is only a few days away...

It allows us to build a common dashboard that reflects the behavior and provisions the different aspect of the observed resource.

#### Data Ingestion for Integrations

Integrations and its dashboards depend on data ingested into OpenSearch which corresponds with the supported schema, such data pipeline that are compatible:

- [OpenSearch Data-Prepper](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper)
- [OTEL collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector)
- [Fluent-Bit](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch)

Each one of these pipelines support the OTEL schema (or directly using the simple schema ) so that they index the signal documents into the [correct index](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/schema/observability/Naming-convention.md) which represents the Observed resource signals.

#### Ingestion structure

Each integration contains the following metadata and assets:

* Name & description
* Source url & License
* Schema spec (mapping / components mapping)
* Sample data (for try-out experience)
* Assets (Dashboards, Index-Patterns , Queries, Alerts )

---
## Using Integrations

> Integrations can be installed directly from the default catalog which is deployed in every OpenSearch release. In addition, integrations can be manually loaded using the standard Dashboard Management console and updated to reflect the most up-to-date version or new integrations releases.

Reviewer: I might be wrong, but do you think we need a link for the releases in catalog repo?
```
https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md
```

## Installing An Integration 

If you have not installed any integrations, you'll be prompted to install them from the Integrations interface. Supported integrations are listed in the **Available** window and present the default Integration release catalog.  

> ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/empty-installed-integrations.png)

Reviewer 2: Since we ship with a default catalog, this state will never be visible

Author: the integrations are not "installed" by default but rather the integration template are - we need to agree on the terminology here...

> To add an integration, select the desired prepackaged assets. Currently, OpenSearch Integrations has two flows: Add or Try it. The following example uses the "Try it" flow:

Reviewer 2: I think we should go through a real setup example instead of the sample data flow, since "Try it" is one click. It's more writing but it will pay off to show real usage. We can maybe use the otel-demo repo?

Author: agree but it will to too long here - probably best to create a separate page for this purpose

Reviewer 3: Alternatively, you can add an expandable setup example by enclosing it in the details block. This helps avoid the too long issue.
```

<details markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Demo
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta}
write the demo here
</details>

```

#### Data Ingestion for Integrations

Integrations and its dashboards depend on data ingested into OpenSearch which corresponds with the supported schema, such data pipeline that are compatible:

- [OpenSearch Data-Prepper](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper)
- [OTEL collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector)
- [Fluent-Bit](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch)

Each one of these pipelines support the OTEL schema (or directly using the simple schema ) so that they index the signal documents into the [correct index](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/schema/observability/Naming-convention.md) which represents the Observed resource signals.

#### Ingestion structure

Each integration contains the following metadata and assets:

* Name & description
* Source url & License
* Schema spec (mapping or or components mapping)
* Sample data (for try-out experience)
* Assets (Dashboards, Index-Patterns , Queries, Alerts )

---
## Using Integrations

> Integrations can be installed directly from the default catalog which is deployed in every OpenSearch release. In addition, integrations can be manually loaded using the standard Dashboard Management console and updated to reflect the most up-to-date version or new integrations releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Integrations can be installed directly from the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) shipped with every OpenSearch release. Additionally, they can be manually loaded and updated using the **Dashboards Management** console to reflect the latest versions or new releases.
```

> - [Observability Release catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ## Installing An Integration 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Installing an integration 
```

> If you have not installed any integrations, you'll be prompted to install them from the Integrations interface. Supported integrations are listed in the **Available** window and present the default Integration release catalog.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If no integrations are installed, you are prompted to install them from the Integrations interface. The **Available** window lists supported integrations from the default catalog.
 
```

![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/empty-installed-integrations.png)

> To add an integration, select the desired prepackaged assets. Currently, OpenSearch Integrations has two flows: Add or Try it. The following example uses the "Try it" flow:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add an integration, select the desired prepackaged assets. OpenSearch Integrations offers the following options: **Add** or **Try it**. The following image shows the **Try it** flow:
```

![integrations-observability-catalog.png](/images/integrations/integrations-observability-catalog.png)

> Integration **"Available"** dialog also allows filtering the list of integrations using the filter `Categories` drop down:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **Available** dialog window allows filtering the list of integrations using the **Categories** dropdown menu, as shown in the following image:

```

> Integration **"Available"** dialog also allows filtering the list of integrations using the filter `Categories` drop down:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **Available** dialog window allows filtering the list of integrations using the **Categories** dropdown menu, as shown in the following image:

```

![cloud-integrations-filter.png]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/cloud-integrations-filter.png)

> 1. On the **Integrations** page, select **NginX Dashboard**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can navigate and explore the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) bundled with the OpenSearch release and select the appropriate resources for your system.

1. On the **Integrations** page, select **NginX Dashboard**.
```

![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-integration.png)

2. Select the **Try it** button. _The Try it flow automatically creates a sample index template, adds sample data to the template, and then creates the integration based on that data._

> 4. View the asset list and select a dashboard asset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. View the asset list and select a dashboard asset.
```

![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-installed-integration-assets.png)

4. Preview the data visualizations and sample data details.  
![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-integration-dashboard.png)

> This sample showed how the user can navigate and explore the existing default Integration release catalog that are bundled with OpenSearch release and select the appropriate resource that are part of its system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Moved this to the intro paragraph.

> ### Loading a new integration using the Dashboard Management console :

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Loading new integrations
```

> To load a new Integration which was not deployed as part of the OpenSearch release, you need to download a new integration from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) and navigate to the _DashboardManagement_ and import the new integration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To load a new integration not included in the OpenSearch release, download it from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md), navigate to **Dashboards Management**, and import the new integration.

The following tutorial shows how to download and install a new release or updated integration version from the catalog page to the OpenSearch available integration.
```

> 1) Download a new integration artifact (see the [catalog page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Download a new integration artifact from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md).
```

   ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/integration-catalog-release-page.png)

> 2) Go to the DashboardManagement -> savedObjects

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Dashboards Management** > **Saved objects**.
```

   ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/import-saved-objects.png)

> 3) Once there select import to load the recently downloaded integration artifact ( a file with `*.ndjson` suffix)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Select **Import** in the upper-right corner to load your new integration artifact (a file with .ndjson extension).
```

   ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/integration-import-file.png)

> 4) Select and open the loaded integration template

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Open the loaded integration template.
```

   ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/select-uploaded-integration.png)

> This sample showed how a user can download a new release or updated integration version from the catalog page and load it to OpenSearch available integration to install.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Moved to intro paragraph

> ***

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ## Additional information

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Developer resources
```

> For the latest developer information, including sample code, articles, tutorials, and an API reference, see the following resources:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the latest developer resources, including sample code, articles, tutorials, and API reference, see the following:
```

> - [Integrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch Integrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog)
```

> - [Integration Documentation Reference](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/integrations)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch Integrations reference documentation](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/integrations)
```

> - [Integration Catalog Page](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/integrations/observability/catalog.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch Observability Catalog](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/integrations/observability/catalog.html)
```

> - [Integration Release Page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [OpenSearch Observability Catalog release page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md)
```

> - [Integration Observability Catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/schema/observability)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Simple Schema for Observability](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/schema/observability)
```

> ### Community

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Community contribution

```

> Please feel free to [participate and contribute](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/issues/new?assignees=&labels=integration%2C+untriaged&projects=&template=integration_request.md&title=%5BIntegration%5D) so that the next integration will help your organization reach productivity faster and easier .

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Contribute to the project by submitting an [integration request](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/issues/new?assignees=&labels=integration%2C+untriaged&projects=&template=integration_request.md&title=%5BIntegration%5D). Contributions help improve the product and enhance productivity.
```

  - /integrations/index/
---

# Integrations in OpenSearch Dashboards
Introduced 2.9
{: .label .label-purple }

> The **Integrations** application in OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly platform for data visualization, querying, and projection of your resource data, such as flow logs. An _integration asset_, such NGINX or Amazon VPC, contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations, streamlining the monitoring of resource data without redundant configuration steps. 

Reviewer 4: Should we define Amazon VPC here?

Author: I think its well a known service - no need to define all the terms

Reviewer 3: Defined. We need to follow AWS naming conventions when we mention a service on first mention.

> The **Integrations** application in OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly platform for data visualization, querying, and projection of your resource data, such as flow logs. An _integration asset_, such NGINX or Amazon VPC, contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations, streamlining the monitoring of resource data without redundant configuration steps. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **Integrations** application in OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly platform for data visualization, querying, and projection of your resource data, such as flow logs. An _integration asset_, such NGINX or Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations, streamlining the monitoring of resource data without redundant configuration steps. 
```

> Available integration assets in OpenSearch Dashboards are shown in the following image.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Available OpenSearch Dashboards integration assets are shown in the following image.
```

![Integrations assets available in OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/integrations-assets.png)

---

## Use cases

> **Integrations** considers established data schemas across multiple domains to give you seamless data mapping and integration for various use cases, such as e-commerce product search, observability monitoring (for example, tracing and metrics analysis), and security monitoring and threat analysis. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Integrations** considers established data schemas across multiple domains to give you seamless data mapping and integration for various use cases, such as e-commerce product search, observability monitoring (for example, trace and metrics analytics), and security monitoring and threat analysis. 
```

Reviewer 3: Revised to use the naming conventions in the documentation, which are trace analytics and metrics analytics.

> **Integrations** considers established data schemas across multiple domains to give you seamless data mapping and integration for various use cases, such as e-commerce product search, observability monitoring (for example, tracing and metrics analysis), and security monitoring and threat analysis. 

Reviewer 4: "tracing" => "trace"?

### Ingestion structure

Each integration asset contains the following metadata and assets:

* Name and description
* Source URL and license
* Schema specification, for example, mapping or component mapping
* Sample data for testing the feature
* Assets such as dashboards, index patterns, queries, or alerts

---

## Installing an integration asset 

Integration assets can be installed directly from the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) shipped with every OpenSearch release.

To install an asset, follow these steps:

1. Go to **Integrations** > **Available** to view the available options. 
2. Select a tool, such as **Nginx** or **Amazon VPC**. You can choose **Add** to add or configure a new data integration using a prepackaged integration asset. You can choose **Try it** to test or explore the integration before fully adding it.
3. On the **Available** page, select the **Categories** dropdown menu to filter the list of integrations.

> ### Try out demo

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Try it demo
```

> ### Try out demo

Reviewer 4: "Try it" demo?

> To try out a prepackaged integration asset, follow these steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To try a prepackaged integration asset, follow these steps:
```

1. On the **Integrations** page, select **Nginx**.
2. Select the **Try it** button. The **Try it** option automatically creates a sample index template, adds sample data to the template, and then creates the integration based on that data.
3. Select an asset from the **Asset List**. Assets include dashboards, index patterns, and visualizations.
4. Preview the data visualizations and sample data details. An example is shown in the following image.

  ![Integrations dashboard with visualizations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-integration-dashboard.png)

## Loading custom integration assets

To load a custom integration asset, follow these steps: 

1. Download an integration artifact from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md).
2. Go to **Dashboards Management** > **Saved objects**.

> 3. Select **Import** on the upper-right toolbar menu and navigate to the folder where you saved the integration artifact and then choose the file (a file with an .ndjson extension). An example of this step is shown in the following image.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Select **Import** on the upper-right toolbar menu, navigate to the folder where you saved the integration artifact, and then choose the file (a file with an .ndjson extension). An example of this step is shown in the following image.
```

  ![Import folder window]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/integration-import-file.png)

> 4. Select the saved object you uploaded to confirm it is uploaded to **Saved objects**. An example of this step is shown in the following image.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. Select the saved object you uploaded to confirm that it was uploaded to **Saved objects**. An example of this step is shown in the following image.
```

  ![List of integrations saved objects]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/select-uploaded-integration.png)

---

## Developer resources

See the following developer resources for sample code, articles, tutorials, and an API reference:

- [OpenSearch Integrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog)
- [OpenSearch Integrations reference documentation](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/integrations)
- [OpenSearch Observability Catalog](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/integrations/observability/catalog.html)
- [OpenSearch Observability Catalog release page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md)
- [Simple Schema for Observability](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/schema/observability)

---

## Community contribution

> The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Post on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) to let us know how OpenSearch Integrations works for you or how it can be improved.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Post on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) to let us know how **Integrations** works for you or how it can be improved.
```

> The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Post on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) to let us know how OpenSearch Integrations works for you or how it can be improved.

Reviewer 4: Do we want to bold "OpenSearch Integrations" here as well?

Author: yes

Reviewer 3: Done

  - /integrations/index/
---

# Integrations
Introduced 2.9
{: .label .label-purple }

You can use **Integrations** to visualize and understand log and metric data for a particular resource in OpenSearch or OpenSearch Dashboards, such as NGINX or Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) flow logs. An _integration_ contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations that make it simple to monitor data from the resource.

The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Post on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) to let us know how OpenSearch Integrations works for you or how it can be improved.
{: .label-yellow}

> ## Introducing Integrations for OpenSearch Dashboards

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Integrations for OpenSearch Dashboards
```

**Integrations** provides a user-friendly and robust platform for data visualization, querying, and projection, eliminating the need for the multiple redundant steps previously required to configure dashboards.

### Use cases

**Integrations** aligns with established data schemas across multiple domains, enabling seamless data mapping and integration for various use cases, such as e-commerce product search, observability monitoring (for example, tracing and metrics analysis), and security monitoring and threat analysis.

> ### Observability schema

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### OpenTelemetry protocol for observability
```

> ### Using the Observability schema

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Observability schema
```

OpenSearch adopted the [OpenTelemetry (OTel)](https://opentelemetry.io/) protocol as the foundation for its observability solution. OTel is a community-driven standard that defines a consistent schema and data collection approach for metrics, logs, and traces. It is widely supported by APIs, SDKs, and telemetry collectors, enabling features like auto-instrumentation for seamless observability integration.

Adopting the OTel schema and leveraging its ecosystem enables **Integrations** to take a standardized approach to observability, providing you with comprehensive system insights. This shared schema allows cross-correlation and analysis across different data sources, enabling deeper insight into application and infrastructure performance. To this end, OpenSearch derived the [Simple Schema for Observability](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/schema/observability), which encodes the OTel standard as OpenSearch mappings.

> Additionally, OpenSearch supports the [Piped Processing Language (PPL)](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/sql/ppl/index/), designed for high-dimensionality querying in observability contexts, empowering you with advanced analysis and troubleshooting capabilities beyond traditional dashboarding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, OpenSearch supports the [Piped Processing Language (PPL)](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/sql/ppl/index/), which is designed for high-dimensionality querying in observability contexts.
```

### Ingesting data

Data ingested into OpenSearch must conform to the supported schemas for data integrations and associated dashboards. Compatible data pipelines are required, such as the following:

- [Data Prepper](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper)
- [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector)
- [Fluent Bit for OpenSearch](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch)

These pipelines use the OTel schema (or a simple schema) to index signal documents into the correct index representing the observed resource signals. See [Naming Convention](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/schema/observability/Naming-convention.md) for index naming conventions. 

> ### Applying the ingestion structure

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Ingestion structure
```

* Sample data for testing the feature
* Assets such as dashboards, index patterns, queries, or alerts

---

## Using Integrations

**Integrations** can be installed directly from the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) shipped with every OpenSearch release. Additionally, **Integrations** can be manually loaded and updated using the **Dashboards Management** console.

### Installing integrations 

If no integration is installed, then you are prompted to install one. Go to **Integrations** > **Available** to view the supported integrations available from the default catalog. This feature is shown in the following image.
 
![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/empty-installed-integrations.png)

To add an integration, select the desired prepackaged asset. **Integrations** offers the following options: **Add** or **Try it**. You can choose **Add** to add or configure a new data integration by selecting a prepackaged integration asset. You can choose **Try it** to to test or explore the integration before fully adding it. This feature is shown in the following image.

> ![integrations-observability-catalog.png](/images/integrations/integrations-observability-catalog.png)

Reviewer 3: @YANG-DB This image differs from what I see in the nightly playground. Please let me know if I should update this image. 

<img width="1606" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-18 at 6 13 45 PM" src="https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/assets/105296784/9f077455-854c-4f68-9b97-1d2816b4fcbd">

Author: keep the image - its up to date

Introduced 2.9
{: .label .label-purple }

You can use **Integrations** to visualize and understand log and metric data for a particular resource in OpenSearch or OpenSearch Dashboards, such as NGINX or Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) flow logs. An _integration_ contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations that make it simple to monitor data from the resource.

The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Post on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) to let us know how OpenSearch Integrations works for you or how it can be improved.
{: .label-yellow}

> ## Introducing OpenSearch Integrations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Introducing Integrations
```

Introduced 2.9
{: .label .label-purple }

> OpenSearch Integrations is a straightforward starting point that OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards users can use to visualize and understand log and metric data for a particular resource, such as NGINX or Amazon VPC flow logs. An _integration_ contains a bundle of metadata, data mappings, and visualizations that make it simple to monitor data from the Integrations resource.

Reviewer 3: @natebower **Integrations** is the proper name. Do you have suggestions on how I use the proper name? I'm thinking I should bold the instances where we're referring to the application. Generic usage should be lowercase, unless of course it starts a sentence. I'll revise this doc. 
<img width="1607" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-18 at 4 28 51 PM" src="https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/assets/105296784/b3d8ae32-ad65-489d-b56e-b49a2f75194b">

The OpenSearch Project seeks your feedback on this feature. Post on the [OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/) to let us know how OpenSearch Integrations works for you or how it can be improved.
{: .label-yellow}

## Introducing OpenSearch Integrations

The OpenSearch Integrations application provides a user-friendly and robust platform for data visualization, querying, and projection, eliminating the need for the multiple redundant steps previously required to configure dashboards.

### Use cases

OpenSearch supports a range of use cases for different user types, such as the following:

- Search-related domain use cases, for example, e-commerce product search
- Observability monitoring and provisioning, such as trace or metrics analysis
- Security monitoring and threat analysis

> For each of these use cases, the OpenSearch community has contributed substantial resources and knowledge to their respective domains. The OpenSearch Integrations framework is closely aligned with established schemas, enabling out-of-the-box data mapping tailored to the domains.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Integrations is closely aligned with established schemas, enabling out-of-the-box data mapping tailored to the domains.
```

> ### Using the Observability schema

Reviewer 4: Is "Observability" intentionally capitalized?

Reviewer 3: Yes, it's referring to the proper name of the schema for the Observability application in OpenSearch Dashboards.

OpenSearch adopted the [OpenTelemetry (OTel)](https://opentelemetry.io/) protocol as the foundation for its observability solution. OTel is a community-driven standard defining a consistent schema and data collection approach for metrics, logs, and traces. It is widely supported by APIs, software development kits (SDKs), and telemetry collectors, enabling features like auto-instrumentation for seamless observability integration.

Adopting the OTel schema and leveraging its ecosystem enables OpenSearch Integrations to take a powerful, standardized approach to observability, providing you with comprehensive system insights. This shared schema allows cross-correlation and analysis across different data sources, enabling deeper insights into application and infrastructure performance. To this end, OpenSearch derived the [Simple Schema for Observability](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/schema/observability), which encodes the OTel standard as OpenSearch mappings.

> Additionally, OpenSearch supports the [Piped Processing Language (PPL)](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/sql/ppl/index/), designed for high-dimensionality querying in observability contexts, empowering you with advanced analysis and troubleshooting capabilities beyond traditional dashboarding.

Reviewer 4: Note: A lot of this doc reads more like marketing copy and less like technical documentation (unlocking, powerful, empowering, etc.). Keep in mind that we aren't selling anything here---just describing for the user what something does and how to use it.

Reviewer 3: Agreed. I tried to remove as much as of that tone as possible. I'll give it a re-review.

### Ingesting data

> Integrations and associated dashboards rely on data ingested into OpenSearch conforming to the supported schemas. Compatible data pipelines are required, such as the following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Data ingested into OpenSearch must conform to the supported schemas for integrations and associated dashboards. Compatible data pipelines are required, such as the following:
```

- [Data Prepper](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper)
- [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector)

> - [Fluent Bit OpenSearch](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Fluent Bit for OpenSearch](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch)
```

> - [Fluent Bit OpenSearch](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch)

Reviewer 4: "Fluent Bit for OpenSearch" or "OpenSearch for Fluent Bit"?

These pipelines support the OTel schema (or a simple schema) to index signal documents into the correct index representing the observed resource signals. See [Naming Convention](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/schema/observability/Naming-convention.md) for index naming standards. 

### Applying the ingestion structure

Each integration contains the following metadata and assets:

* Name and description
* Source URL and license

> * Schema specification, for example, mapping or components mapping

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Schema specification, for example, mapping or component mapping
```

> * Sample data to test the feature

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Sample data for testing the feature
```

> * Assets such as dashboards, index patterns, queries, and alerts

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Assets such as dashboards, index patterns, queries, or alerts
```

---

## Using OpenSearch Integrations

> OpenSearch Integrations can be installed directly from the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) that is shipped with every OpenSearch release. Additionally, integrations can be manually loaded and updated using the **Dashboards Management** console to reflect the latest versions or new releases.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Integrations can be installed directly from the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) shipped with every OpenSearch release. Additionally, integrations can be manually loaded and updated using the **Dashboards Management** console.
```

### Installing an integration 

> If no integration is installed, then you are prompted to install one through the **Integrations** interface. The **Available** dialog window lists supported integrations from the default catalog.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If no integration is installed, then you are prompted to install one through the **Integrations** interface. The **Available** dialog window lists supported integrations from the default catalog. This window is shown in the following image.
```

> If no integration is installed, you are prompted to install one from the **Integrations** interface. The **Available** dialog window lists supported integrations from the default catalog.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If no integration is installed, then you are prompted to install one through the **Integrations** interface. The **Available** dialog window lists supported integrations from the default catalog.
```

> If no integration is installed, you are prompted to install one from the **Integrations** interface. The **Available** dialog window lists supported integrations from the default catalog.

Reviewer 4: "integration is" => "integrations are"?

> ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/empty-installed-integrations.png)

Reviewer 4: This image should be referenced in the preceding text.

> To add an integration, select the desired prepackaged assets. OpenSearch Integrations offers the following options: **Add** or **Try it**. The following image shows the **Try it** flow:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To add an integration, select the desired prepackaged assets. OpenSearch Integrations offers the following options: **Add** or **Try it**. The following image shows the **Try it** flow.
```

![integrations-observability-catalog.png](/images/integrations/integrations-observability-catalog.png)

> The **Available** dialog window allows filtering the list of integrations using the **Categories** dropdown menu, as shown in the following image:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The **Available** dialog window allows you to filter the list of integrations using the **Categories** dropdown menu, as shown in the following image.
```

![cloud-integrations-filter.png]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/cloud-integrations-filter.png)

> This example shows how you can navigate and explore the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) bundled with the OpenSearch release and select the appropriate resources for your system.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following example shows you how to navigate and explore the [default catalog](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md) and select the appropriate resources for your system:
```

1. On the **Integrations** page, select **NginX Dashboard**.
  ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-integration.png)

2. Select the **Try it** button. _The Try it flow automatically creates a sample index template, adds sample data to the template, and then creates the integration based on that data._

3. View the asset list and select a dashboard asset.
  ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-installed-integration-assets.png)

4. Preview the data visualizations and sample data details.  
  ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/nginx-integration-dashboard.png)

### Loading new integrations

> To load a new integration not included in the OpenSearch release, download it from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md), navigate to **Dashboards Management**, and import the new integration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To load a new integration not included in the default catalog, download it from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md), navigate to **Dashboards Management**, and import the new integration.
```

> The following tutorial shows how to download and install a new release or updated integration version from the catalog page to the OpenSearch available integration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to download and install a new release or updated integration version from the catalog page to the OpenSearch available integration:
```

> The following tutorial shows how to download and install a new release or updated integration version from the catalog page to the OpenSearch available integration.

Reviewer 4: I'm not following the sentence past "a new release...". Please revise for clarity.

1. Download a new integration artifact from the [catalog repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md).
   ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/integration-catalog-release-page.png)

2. Go to **Dashboards Management** > **Saved objects**.
  ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/import-saved-objects.png)

> 3. Select **Import** in the upper-right corner to load your new integration artifact (a file with .ndjson extension).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Select **Import** in the upper-right corner to load your new integration artifact (a file with an .ndjson extension).
```

  ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/integration-import-file.png)

4. Open the loaded integration template.
  ![]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/integrations/select-uploaded-integration.png)

---

## Developer resources

> For the latest developer resources, including sample code, articles, tutorials, and API reference, see the following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
See the following developer resources for sample code, articles, tutorials, and an API reference:
```

- [OpenSearch Integrations repository](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog)
- [OpenSearch Integrations reference documentation](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/integrations)
- [OpenSearch Observability Catalog](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/integrations/observability/catalog.html)
- [OpenSearch Observability Catalog release page](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/blob/main/docs/integrations/Release.md)
- [Simple Schema for Observability](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-catalog/tree/main/docs/schema/observability)

---

## Community contribution

> Contribute to the project by submitting an [integration request](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/issues/new?assignees=&labels=integration%2C+untriaged&projects=&template=integration_request.md&title=%5BIntegration%5D). Contributions help improve the product and enhance productivity.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Contribute to the project by submitting an [integration request](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-observability/issues/new?assignees=&labels=integration%2C+untriaged&projects=&template=integration_request.md&title=%5BIntegration%5D).
```
